---
title: About us
layout: page
---
We are a game development team based in Czech Republic. We're making our games
for fun and in our free time, which allows us to release most of them for free.
And while our day jobs are design and coding, we do not consider ourselves
professional game developers.

### Team members

* __Ondra SÃ½kora (OndraSej)__: code, complaints on graphics.
* __Tom Jukl (Peregrine)__: graphics, complaints on code.

### History

It all started one Wednesday evening, a couple of minutes after a volleyball
session, around the year 2000. Tom has just started messing around with
computer graphics. Ondra finally started understanding how C++ works. Being the
collaborative people we are, we immediately founded the team and started coming
up with game concepts.

The first planned game was [Projekt 5410]({{ "projects/projekt-5410.html" |
relative_url }}). We had lots of great ideas for the game, but with our lack of
experience and bad planning, we never got to finishing it. And we created a few
smaller games on the side. Most were just small experiments, but some got
distributed on freeware portals and on CD supplements to Czech computer and
game magazines. You can see most of them in the [the project page]({{
"/projects.html" | relative_url }}).

By the end of 2005 we took a break from games and moved on to other things. We
left Projekt 5410 unfinished, but we never really cancelled it and kept
thinking that we might get back to it once.

In 2019, long fifteen years after publishing our last game, we got back
together during Global Game Jam and created [Homing]({{ "/projects/homing.html"
| relative_url }}), a short game about avoiding homing missiles. And we
realized that there are still some games to be made. Expect to hear from us
again in the future.
